From today onwards
You are no longer Chen Ajun
Your name is Ayan, remember it.
Why is that?
Not so much why
As long as you help me complete the collection
All the evidence of Ah Fei's crime
After the event
You can take the kids home
In addition to this
Do not disclose any information to the outside world
Thanks for the love
Mengmeng newcomer, you know what to do
Got it, Sister Hong
Another deceived
Is it necessary to suffer so much for being so beautiful?
This woman looks familiar
Familiar what
Don't tell me
I don't think so either.
Oh, yeah, I remember now.
Isn't this the Internet celebrity Luna?
Luna, you are that Internet celebrity
Sister, come with me
Something big is going on outside
I heard that Master Tie beat someone to death outside.
No, I'll take a look.
What does it have to do with you?
If you want to live, stay out of this